My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything. 0

The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach. 0

Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it. 0

If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart? 0

She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door. 0

After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment! 0

Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible. 0

It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger. 0

But I don't like it. 0

Hell no will I go back 0

We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant. 0

I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all". 0

I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar. 0

The ambiance isn't much better. 0

Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees. 0

The food wasn't good. 0

Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked. 0

What happened next was pretty....off putting. 0

too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place. 0

Overpriced for what you are getting. 0

I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch. 0

I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food. 0

I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list. 0

We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh. 0

Food was below average. 0

It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant. 0

All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop. 0

The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables). 0

Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold. 0

It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry. 0

It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down. 0

I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage. 0

The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland. 0

Spend your money and time some place else. 0

A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad. 0

the presentation of the food was awful. 0

I can't tell you how disappointed I was. 0

I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking. 0

Appetite instantly gone. 0
